# App Overview

The App Overview is where you will mint and manage your endpoints. It also displays the relay metrics across all of your endpoints in your app. The charts will populate shortly after you start submitting requests through the endpoint.

You’ll see key details:

- Endpoints: List of endpoints minted for the app; there are no limits to the number of endpoints you can mint for a single app
- Portal ID: Unique identifier for the app. This string is included as part of the URL for each endpoint.
- Secret Key: Security feature for apps. If “Private Secret Key Required” is selected in the security settings, the secret key will need to be sent along with the request using HTTP Basic Authentication.
- Public Key: Unique identifier for a given app that will allow you to inspect the app's activity on-chain.

## Manage Endpoints

Each newly created app has an Ethereum endpoint generated by default. There's no requirement to use it, just a suggested place to start.

All endpoints have a similar URL structure: https://network-prefix.gateway.pokt.network/v1/lb/portalid
- The network prefix: This will vary by blockchain. The full list is on Supported Chains.
- The Portal ID is unique to each app.

## To mint a new endpoint:

1. Click Add New in the endpoint section.
2. In the box that appears, click the name of the chain you wish to connect to. You may also use the search box to narrow down the choices.
3. The new endpoint will then appear in the endpoints list.

**To delete an endpoint**, click the trash can icon next to the endpoint.

